fuck: add yes flag command (#6100)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/fuck.md

- Try to match a rule for the previous command:

`fuck`

> - Try to match a rule for the previous command and confirm the first choice immediately:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Confirm the first choice immediately (correct argument only depends on level of frustration):
```
It's not immediately obvious what's the difference of the three options.

Author: They all do the same thing. I wish it was ` fuck --fuck` would be better.

its just a -y flag, infact -y is a flag you can use.

Author: ```suggestion
- Confirm the first choice immediately (correct argument depends on level of annoyance):
```

Reviewer: I'm fine with both
